Hello and welcome to my first blog post about my first project. I did this while on the lesson number 2 about deploying a Machine Learning(ML) Model into the Internet. 
This is like a note and a reminder to myself about what i learn, accomplish, struggles, and problems while i'm doing this project.
My first project is about a Social Media Classifier.

I want to make a ML model that can distinguish different type of social media like the difference between 
facebook, X (formerly twitter), reddit, tiktok, instagram, and pinterest.
I basically just copy most of the code from the lesson like on how to get the data, checking the data, and stuff.

Then I hit my first problem, the depedencies is already different from the one shown in the lecture video. Because the depedencies is newer.
There's some incompability and rewriting so I need to update the lesson code. I thought that I already have most of the dependencies needed for the course.
I got hit by the reality that what I learned in college is just a child's playground. So I installed a bunch of them and start fixing the code 
to better suit my needs. 

Following that, I can finally start to train my model. I still don't what is the pros and cons of each types of algorithm so I just used the one in the lesson.
My model finished training and I shocked to find that my first take of model has 60% error rate. When i first started this I thought the error will be
around 30-40%. I also want to know how bad error rate will be when a model is trained on a unfiltered data. So I started cleaning up most of the garbage
picture that doesn't show what the social media front page. The weird thing that I found is facebook somehow has a realtor(?) image mix-up, pinterest has
some kind of cosmetic product. For Twitter, its usually a old photo. and then most of them has some garbage data where the image is just their logo.

After cleaning up, I train the model again. the model still has a high error rate, about 30%. I think that error rate is as low as it can go
because the image data that i used is publicly available image data. So it must have a lot of garbage image. If i want the model to have lower
error rate, i would've to screenshot 100 times for 6(!) different website and I'm pressed for the time so I didn't want to do it. I just the
available model just to try deploying it and see how things works.

Now here's come the second problem. I, during college, never used git at all. So this is my first time using it and setting it up give me some
headache. I'm so confused on how to install stuff because most of the getting started stuff just assume you're on linux and i'm using a Windows.
the lecturer actually said that windows can run Linux enviroment but i'm so confused about what stuff that i need and what stuff do i miss.



